Help you, walk away temporarily confused,
Please also ask Mr. Waller.
If you still want to go, keep the red text exhibition in moderation,
Boss Wall,
Boss Jean Wall! Sanhuangsen
Give others a look
Let’s look at repairing explosive power first
In the middle, most of the two sects are responsible for talking.
Are you still sleeping? Talk, talk, watch, talk, talk. Stand to stand and pay homage to He Guo.
And stop, father
Practice urgent walking first
I can't see my external feelings. Get up. Thank you father. No.
I don’t know, Brother Three Emperors
Cooperation committed
I am so happy this year
Let him decide for himself
I just want to save me
I just want to allow you to be the great emperor brother
is based on the so-called impersonation
This will happen next time
write impersonation
They are all special Kimou Fire
And the body is trembling, the eyes are bold and the emperor is old
So I made a mistake
But I'm just worried
The royal family comes and goes in modern times
And I have been able to hire a long-term guide, Da Huangjiu.
Publicly mineable
If there were no Sanhuangjiu
And I'm afraid
It may not be possible to hire a long-term conductor
And the body is willing to be rich and prosperous
One of Yang Sangongqing